AV-45749: Update sample queries (#35)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/transactions.adoc

* To execute a transaction containing multiple statements, compose the sequence of statements in the Query Editor.
Each statement must be terminated with a semicolon.
// NOTE: SHift+Enter to start a newline does not work in Elixir as of 2023/04/13 (SURF-5251)
//After each statement, you must press kbd:[Shift+Enter] to start a new line _without_ executing the query.
Then switch the *transaction* toggle on and click btn:[Run Query]

> * To execute a single statement as a transaction, switch the *transaction* toggle on, enter the statement in the Query Editor and click btn:[Run Query].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To execute a single statement as a transaction, turn on the *transaction* toggle, enter the statement in the Query Editor and click btn:[Run Query].
```

[[preparation]]
=== Preparation

.Keyspace

Create a new keyspace for the transaction to run in:

====

> . Next to your bucket in the Data Insights sidebar, click the *More Options* (⋮) button, then btn:[Add Scope]. The Create Scope window now appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Next to your bucket in the Data Insights sidebar, click menu:More Options (⋮)[Add Scope].
```

> . Enter the name "tenants" in the *Scope Name* field, then click the btn:[Create Scope] button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Scope Name* field, enter `tenants`.
. Click btn:[Create Scope].
```

> . Next to the new tenants scope, click the *More Options* (⋮) button, then btn:[Add Collection]. The Create Collection now appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Next to the new `tenants` scope, click menu:More Options (⋮)[Add Collection].
```

> . Enter the name "users" in the *Collection Name* field, set the TTL to 0, then click the btn:[Create Collection] button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Collection Name* field, enter `users`. 
. In the *TTL* box, enter 0. 
. Click btn:[Create Collection].
```

> . Create another collection in the tenants scope called bookings, with the TTL also set to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create another collection in the `tenants` scope called `bookings`, with the TTL also set to 0.
```

[[preparation]]
=== Preparation

.Keyspace

Create a new keyspace for the transaction to run in:

====

> . Next to your bucket in the Data Insights sidebar, click menu:More Options (⋮)[Add Scope].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Next to your bucket in the Data Insights area, click menu:More Options (⋮)[Add Scope].
```

Query Workbench::
+
--
To specify parameters for a Couchbase transaction, use the Query Options window.

> . Click the btn:[options] button to display the Query Options window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To display the Query Options window, click btn:[options].
```

> . To specify the transaction scan consistency, open the *Scan Consistency* drop-down list and select an option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To specify the transaction scan consistency, in the *Scan Consistency* list, select an option.
```

> . To specify the transaction timeout, enter a value in seconds in the *Transaction Timeout* box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To specify the transaction timeout, in the *Transaction Timeout* box, enter a value in seconds.
```

. To specify any other parameters, click the btn:[+] button in the corresponding *Named Parameters* or *Positional Parameters* section.
** For named parameters, enter the name in the *name* box and a value in the *value* box.
** For positional parameters, enter the value in the *value* box.

> . Choose btn:[Save Settings] to save the preferences and return to the Query Workbench.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To save your preferences and return to the Query Workbench, click btn:[Save Settings] 
```

Query Workbench::
+
--

> To specify parameters for a Couchbase transaction, use the Query Options window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify parameters for a Couchbase transaction, use the Query Options dialog.
```

> . To display the Query Options window, click btn:[options].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To display the Query Options dialog, click btn:[options].
```

----

<.> Beginning a transaction returns a transaction ID.

> <.> Before setting the second savepoint, the booking document has user `"0"`, name `"Maurice Moss"`.

Reviewer 2: Updating these callouts feels a bit onerous doesn't it?
(In fact, we've deprecated callouts in the style guide, might want to consider deleting them entirely)

Reviewer 3: Deleting the callouts is outside the scope of this ticket, I would say?

Author: I'll put in on the improvements list

Author: [AV-54655](https://couchbasecloud.atlassian.net/browse/AV-54655)

----

<.> Beginning a transaction returns a transaction ID.
<.> Before setting the second savepoint, the booking document has user `"0"`, name `"Maurice Moss"`.
<.> After setting the second savepoint and performing an update, the booking document has user `"1"`, name `"Jen Barber"`.

> <.> After rolling back to the second savepoint, the booking document again has user `"0"`, name `"Maurice Moss"`.

Reviewer 3: I would have preferred it if the names that we get the user to create were the same as the ones in the provisioned and server branches.

Author: As Sarah was also against this in the style guidelines, I'll change it back. I'll hold off removing references that existed prior to the elixir change

Author: Done, names have been changed back.
